welcome everyone this is  this week's
welcome everyone this is this week's
Stell art developer meeting and this
today it's going to be a little bit
different schedule than usual  we will
different schedule than usual we will
start with a presentation here from
Hoops finance and then  about half an
Hoops finance and then about half an
hour from now we will switch over to
Discord where the court team will
give a cap  proposal
give a cap proposal
presentation but  yeah welcome
presentation but yeah welcome
that's Tim  you guys are are well
that's Tim you guys are are well
known from from our Discord and  and
known from from our Discord and and
I'm I'm super excited about hearing
what progress You' have made with hoop
Finance so please take it away thank you
so much Carston  we are super excited
so much Carston we are super excited
to be presenting in the dev meeting to
try to get some eyes on our project
and well in our new update we we did the
entire UI from the scratch to improve
user experience and to make it easier
for developers and for retail users in
the future to start using our
application  so this is our landing
application so this is our landing
page at the moment we are working as
well on launching a new one but the goal
here is to make human readable risk
analytics for blockchain  what's the
analytics for blockchain what's the
idea of risk analytics is that we do
think that liquidity pools are very
scatter and they have an untapped
potential and I believe Stellar really
has that potential hidden away and we
can really unlock it if we provide we
clear and transparent data on these
liquidity pools and different
offerings right  so let's let's go to
offerings right so let's let's go to
the app and
see what we have
here we just push an update hopefully it
doesn't
break there you go so this is our new UI
right now we have two main Pages
which is the pools page and the tokens
page in the pools page what we're doing
is aggregating different automatic
market makers from the ecosystem
projects that came from the Stellar
Community Fund in this case we have
Soros swap Aquarius blend and Phoenix
we're still working to add a blend into
your UI  but it's working through the
your UI but it's working through the
API  this is something that should be
API this is something that should be
out quite soon but  through our UI in
out quite soon but through our UI in
the pools page you're going to be able
to see these rankings right where we are
ranking what the best APR pairs we have
the best volume and best stable coins
obviously this is data from our indexer
so  we got to use it with caution
so we got to use it with caution
still  but we are working on creating
still but we are working on creating
a validation system to ensure that
always the data that we're showing is
accurate and we're trying to do that
with other projects in the ecosystem so
we can always compare and ensure that
everything is is correct  but for
everything is is correct but for
example here in the table we can see
different liquidity pulls from the
ecosystem and important data that would
help retail investors and and really
anyone that wants to participate in defi
have an idea of how they work and and
why would they want to participate in a
liquid pool over another for example
here we have the native and aqua which
is xlm and aqua pool right we have our
volume chart and we have some overview
on this like 24 hour volume value locked
fees whatnot  we we have a proprietary
fees whatnot we we have a proprietary
risk score that we  we generate from
risk score that we we generate from
different data points as well as
different analysis from from social
media from the internet  that gives us
media from the internet that gives us
an idea of how risky a pool is
there's many factors that affect the
risk score and and we are continuously
improving on this  but hopefully this
improving on this but hopefully this
would be essential for us to be able to
launch in a nearby future what we want
to do  smart savings account or or
to do smart savings account or or
automate automated liquidity management
right  in in tokens it's very similar
right in in tokens it's very similar
we have top tokens by volume right by
liquidity and our top stable coins and
we can see information about these and
we can go straight to the Explorer to
check these tokens so check the contract
of these tokens and information  on on
of these tokens and information on on
them  few things here and there that
them few things here and there that
we got to fix of course but but
basically this dashboard is going to
provide  the Stellar user and and
provide the Stellar user and and
really any user in the future with a
One-Stop shop to save to invest and to
analyze their Investments long term
which is really exciting  another
which is really exciting another
thing that we' been working on is
actually creating an authentication flow
which I think is very important so we
can get our users logged in and we can
provide them with API Keys which we were
just working on right now so crossing my
fingers everything is good  but if you
fingers everything is good but if you
sign up with Discord for example we use
Discord a lot
instellar we can create this account and
as you can see we get a profile  where
as you can see we get a profile where
we can go to our developer account and
create an API key which we're going to
call it Stellar or
live and when we create this API key we
get it over here we can copy it we can
save it and then we can start querying
our API to get all this information
maybe in future projects that people in
the audience is working on right
possibly in the seller Community Fund
possibly from other projects from other
chains right the idea again is that all
this data is transparent and available
not just through our dashboards but also
through our API our API looks a little
bit like
this it's  pretty well documented for
this it's pretty well documented for
you you to start playing around with it
at this moment I believe you do not
need an API key to play with the API
but but it's it's always good that you
create an account and get your own key
early but basically you have here a
playground to try out  to get
playground to try out to get
different metrics from different
protocols for example Aqua over here is
going to give us a response right it's
going to tell us  the pairs that are
going to tell us the pairs that are
found in the Aquarius protocol right
through IDs through their fees LP token
supplies and whatnot and  within this
supplies and whatnot and within this
this is very early but we are working on
our AI endpoint which is quite exciting
which is how can we talk to these
metrics in a like a human would right
and have this  AI basically transform
and have this AI basically transform
all this information in something that
is more pable like asking hey  what's
is more pable like asking hey what's
the best APR pool today and the I tell
us just by quering the API and give us
that information  in in a way that is
that information in in a way that is
understandable obviously this is still
on the works and we're making sure that
the information provided is always
correct and is always coming directly
from our API and that the AI doesn't
hallucinate right but I think this is
really exciting we can see it being
implemented in other protocol just to
inject on that hallucination those are
those are  end points to be used by
those are end points to be used by
large language models and
not generated by a large language
model absolutely so so yeah it would be
easy for us to to integrate this in just
in other protocols or or even in wallets
for example right in the Stellar
ecosystem there are many wallets so to
have these little assistant that can ask
this metrics very very quickly and just
give you an answer that is
understandable  I think could create
understandable I think could create
quite a disruptive change if if if I may
but but yeah I I'll leave the floor to
to Tim to silence you all know him I to
explain a little bit more the technical
details of what was been worked on and
yeah take it away Tim
Tim you're mut you're
muted oh wonderful that's good can you
hear me now right yes  fashion was
hear me now right yes fashion was
talking a bit about the risk  the risk
talking a bit about the risk the risk
metrics if you look at the get
statistics endpoint you can see like the
various actual metrics and weights that
we make the score
from I plan to show those on the front
end in various ways right now it's just
basically the aggregated scores but we
offer a bunch of different scoring
methods  for different
methods for different
pools  there's also a way to generate
pools there's also a way to generate
those for tokens right now  right now
those for tokens right now right now
we only offer it for pools publicly but
we plan to add the token
statistics soon  you mentioned that
statistics soon you mentioned that
the API doesn't require an API key right
now that's correct however  it would
now that's correct however it would
require a key if you were like
interacting  from a different origin
interacting from a different origin
so like if you wanted to use it on the
client side of your website also Keys
would be required for us probably in
about a week from now
so just a heads up on that  I don't
so just a heads up on that I don't
know what else the a the yeah the AI
endpoints some of them are basically the
same thing as the other end points but
they return the values in a much more
Compact and truncated way  so that if
Compact and truncated way so that if
you were using this in a language model
which
got a little bit of experience with
that and you don't want to have a bunch
of excess data if you look at a normal
API response object in Json it's got for
example the the label of the field on
for every every value and you really
don't need that so like
the AI end points are like they're
self-describing they they they return a
schema  schema  Jon schema along
schema schema Jon schema along
with  the data so that  a large
with the data so that a large
language model is able to know what the
data is and pars it  it does things
data is and pars it it does things
like truncates the addresses because it
doesn't need the whole address most of
the time  you can change those opt you
the time you can change those opt you
can change those  truncation things
can change those truncation things
with with  URL prams  different
with with URL prams different
options those options are not yet
documented because that's that that
system still in
development  as far as data validation
development as far as data validation
we plan to
use simultaneously building like  sore
use simultaneously building like sore
band contracts that allow you to use
this data more or less as  a
this data more or less as a
controller to make automated trades I
don't know if
you showed them the the portfolio page
but basically you would set up an
account contract that you then install
strategies
too those strategies will tell the
account when to make trades when to move
liquidity things like that so you set
like a base value  or a base currency
like a base value or a base currency
on the account right now that is only
like xlm usdc or euroc but  in theory
like xlm usdc or euroc but in theory
it could be anything and then
the account's goal is to generate
yields so it earns rewards from amms
earns interest from amms claims and
reinvests those and automatically moves
your liquidity between different markets
based on your the rules that you set in
the
strategy  you can also make manual
strategy you can also make manual
strategies where it's like you tell it
exactly what pairs you want to use at
what ratios and how off into to claim
rewards things like that  but with
rewards things like that but with
that system it uses some of the data
from the API which is all calculated
using transactional data that's on
chain and so what we plan to do is more
or less have a an asset in the in the
protocol that's in order to stake that
asset you need to run a
validation set on the data and then
publish proof of that  to the chain
publish proof of that to the chain
that is still very much in development
so we're trying to find ways to keep as
much data off chain as possible  while
much data off chain as possible while
still being able to accomplish what we
want to  with that
want to with that
system  basically it uses on the back
system basically it uses on the back
end a swap aggregation system
that it Aggregates liquidity pools but
can work with many different types of
liquidity pools
different
protocols and gives them all the same
interface using adapters to allow our
account contracts to be able to  not
account contracts to be able to not
necessarily have to
specify what pool it wants to interact
with  it's able to derive it based on
with it's able to derive it based on
yeah information that's on
chain
so yeah  we're also working on
so yeah we're also working on
a yeah chat a chatbot
system that
will you know help you develop different
strategies answer questions about like
what what what's a good Market to invest
this in you know what Market has the
highest
volatility  things like that
yes I'm not sure what else to show
you mentioned the O system the O systems
pretty cool it's  on our back end we
pretty cool it's on our back end we
have our own we're like a a a SLE
provider to this website this is like
sort of like client side off using
access tokens and refresh tokens  but
access tokens and refresh tokens but
we've made it in such a way that it can
be integrated using a system very
similar to SCP
10  to link your Stellar account to
10 to link your Stellar account to
your Hoops account and use so you you
you'll be able to use your your your
signer for your  savings account
signer for your savings account
contract can be a pass key or a
traditional wallet basically and then
you can also like log into you have to
create your account using either your
email or a social provider  but once
email or a social provider but once
you've created your identity on our back
end you can then link wallets to it and
be able to log into our website through
through either a pass key which that
pass key ends up being the signer on
your account or through your wallet
which could also be Aigner on the same
account yeah we we really believe that
pass keys are really essential for
moving on in the future just to ensure a
better user experience I I think  as
better user experience I I think as
we go along for for the everyday folk
just keeping a bunch of wallets it's
difficult it's difficult to to remember
those private Keys as well right so
past Keys We believe is the future and
and we're looking forward to implement
this into Mobile as well with a simplify
version of the app so oh yeah to be
clear  all the Stellar off right now
clear all the Stellar off right now
and pass keyo we have disabled because
we are developing this system against
main
net and you know all the data is from
mainnet and we don't want people
to be  risking real money until we've
to be risking real money until we've
had you know the contracts ready for
release to the point where everything's
been audited and  that we know it's
been audited and that we know it's
safe to use with real money right so
we may offer a test net version at some
point it's a little bit hard because we
have to build all the protocols on
testnet as well  in order to do that
testnet as well in order to do that
and then generate traffic through all
those
protocols which
for most things it's it's not needed
since we have live data to use  you
since we have live data to use you
can basically simulate most things
so yes so we leave you with a call to
action really  to just go to the
action really to just go to the
Discord under projects we have hoops
Finance just try it out try to break
things  ask questions and and let us
things ask questions and and let us
know what you would like to see in the
app what would you think would be best
and  yeah we're working on making
and yeah we're working on making
authentication as strong as possible so
we can start  keeping track of these
we can start keeping track of these
users and start helping new projects and
new developers to actually use this
infrastructure that we believe could
really change and shake things up with
within
Stellar that's really great it's
impressive to see how far you've come
already  I was just wondering U do you
already I was just wondering U do you
have any ideas what the timeline looks
like when when are you planning to go
live on mainnet
with the protocol
I would say this summer but it depends
on when we are ready for the Audits and
then how long the audits
take  you know we're we're actively
take you know we're we're actively
working on it there's parts of it that
may go live on
mainnet  sooner so we're trying to
mainnet sooner so we're trying to
build it in stages so that it can
be  basically used as we devel each
be basically used as we devel each
feature  however that's probably going
feature however that's probably going
to be limited to like swaps and
liquidity deposit with draw initially
with some of the automated strategies
then being added in so if that makes
sense more or less trying to be able to
launch what we can that we know is safe
while still making it so that the the
system will fit together when it's live
so the the the  the actual token is
so the the the the actual token is
issuance is probably going to come
through  you know once the account
through you know once the account
factories are audited and live because
it sort of integrates with with the
treasury accounts  that control the
treasury accounts that control the
token
so so yeah it'll take a little bit but
we are focused right now on on getting
all this on testet we we kind of have to
build a around a little bit to create
these new pools and and everything but
but testnet will be out soon  I don't
but testnet will be out soon I don't
want to give dates maybe earlier maybe
later but test net will be out  so so
later but test net will be out so so
we can start seeing how this works
behind the scenes and and to answer
twitch I I I did not connect to Twitch
so I cannot chat but but yes  Hoops
so I cannot chat but but yes Hoops
wallet or something of the sorts is
coming on the road as well  I had
coming on the road as well I had
worked on a wallet myself in the past
many many moths ago so I'm we're
probably gonna be retr I imagine that is
going to be something of an app that
allows you to interact with your  your
allows you to interact with your your
account contract easily  to be able to
account contract easily to be able to
do sends withdraw you know standard
wallet stuff even though it is a  a
wallet stuff even though it is a a
Sor band contract so some way that
it  could allow you allow you to use
it could allow you allow you to use
funds from that to interact with
other parts of Stellar besides Soo yeah
when we think about Mobile Wallet I ask
you to think about pass keys I'll just
leave it at
that it sounds great really at the end
of the day your wallet like  if if you
of the day your wallet like if if you
you have your pass key issued from your
phone then then your phone really is the
wallet so it's quite easy
to  make the system work multiple
to make the system work multiple
devices just because of all the work
that's gone into passwordless off
already by so many other
people exactly and it just goes hands in
hands with the idea of smart savings
accounts
right okay just  just
right okay just just
quick
TR oh  so the the the UI looks amazing
TR oh so the the the UI looks amazing
and and just what we've seen here this
last few minutes is looking very
promising and then you have the API
that's
really well documented so who do you
think is going to how is how is this
going to be used who's is it more going
to be used  with the web interface or
to be used with the web interface or
is it more like a developer solution or
both what are your ideas on what
thoughts about that I think there'll be
a lot of end users but I think that
there will also be Enterprise customers
I know we've talked to certain other
projects in the ecosystem that have been
interested in using some of like the the
scoring data  like inside their apps
scoring data like inside their apps
for
like profiles about projects and
I figured we need all this data  in
I figured we need all this data in
order to do the stuff we want to do with
the automated accounts we might as well
make it easy for other people to build
on top of it as well and
so I imagine also there's a a good
business opportunity in
the the normalized data that we
provide
so yeah it's kind of
both developer side it but  I'd say
both developer side it but I'd say
most people would would know it through
the web
interface developers right we want to
encourage them to use the API and and
just people that have been in the
default
Stellar for for a while to use this tool
and as we move along and and just more
people is being on board in Stellar
every day right  to just have the
every day right to just have the
basis for this becoming a retail
application right so to to have the
everyone to really be able to use it and
and get to this ideal  of a universal
and get to this ideal of a universal
savings account which can be put as a
retirement plan right  which I believe
retirement plan right which I believe
is is something that that needs to
change in the coming yeah our goals make
an account that it's a yield bearing
account that's permissionless basically
that anybody can have and it it you know
they they manage it but at the same time
our
our application helps right so you
could build on top of it and make make
your own
interfaces  I I think that's good for
interfaces I I think that's good for
everyone that's what absolutely
thank you we are unfortunately running
out of time  it was it was really
out of time it was it was really
great to see all the progress here some
of your thoughts about about the the
future of the project and what you're
working on and I'll encourage everyone
to go go take a look at it  as as you
to go go take a look at it as as you
both said go find some errors go test it
out  yeah poke it yeah I would
out yeah poke it yeah I would
probably not use the data in anything
live right now
just the heads up
there there's no way we can  promise
there there's no way we can promise
every because there's the audits there
haven't been any audits done yet so yeah
and it's under active development very
active like we we merge to main quite
often
and  every time that's that potential
and every time that's that potential
breaks so many sleepless nights for sure
thank you so much
Carson I think  I think it could be
Carson I think I think it could be
fun to do an update in a few months and
see where you are because this this
looks very
promising yeah we're moving pretty fast
I think I think we'll have plenty of
updates okay great and  thank you for
updates okay great and thank you for
everyone who joined  right now we're
everyone who joined right now we're
going to switch over to Discord where
the court team is going to to give a
presentation  about some of the some
presentation about some of the some
of the the proposals they are launching
related to protocol  23 so see you
related to protocol 23 so see you
over there thank you and join again next
Thursday
bye bye-bye